[Beast Boy coughing]
[woozy moan]
[M'gann telepathically]
Conner, the fires...
[Superboy] On it. [coughing]
[M'gann]
Gar! Garfield,
are you all right?
[Beast Boy grunts]
What happened?
[grunt]
[Em'ree telepathically]
The Zeta-Tube.
It exploded.
[J'ann telepathically]
But my brother...
he was in the tube!
-Where is he?
-[M'gann] I'm not sure.
But he isn't here.
He may have zeta'd away
before the explosion.
[R'ohh telepathically]
You mean the explosion
caused by the terrorist
Ma'alefa'ak?
[M'gann] Look,
I'm not my brother's
biggest fan right now,
but M'comm did not do this.
[R'ohh] So you say.
[Beast Boy]
But Martian Manhunter
made it to the Watchtower,
right?
-Em'ree?
-[Beast Boy] Right?
-[M'gann] Em'ree!
-[Em'ree] I don't know!
The explosion blew out
the connection
to the M'arzz-Earth
Communications Satellite.
[catching breath]
I can't reach the Watchtower!
[M'gann] Can you fix it?
[Em'ree] Maybe.
Yes.
Soon, I hope.
[Beast Boy] But J'onn's okay!
He has to be okay!
-He has to be. He has to be...
-Did the Zeta-Tube malfunction?
[Em'ree] No.
Some external source
added thermal energy
to the Power-Core
during the Zeta-Transmission.
This was clearly sabotage.
[theme music playing]
[pained grunts]
[R'ohh] Ma'alefa'ak,
you are under arrest.
[M'gann] Listen,
I had him pinned,
telekinetically
and psychically.
And you both were holding
scramblers on him,
when the Zeta-Tube exploded.
It's clear
he wasn't behind this.
[R'ohh] Ha! An A'ashenn
defending another A'ashenn.
What a surprise.
Seems you've conveniently
forgotten
how he snuck in here
by blocking his presence
telepathically.
[M'gann]
That's not illegal!
[R'ohh] But
it's ma'al suspicious.
[M'comm] Arrested
for being A'ashenn.
Talk about your surprises.
[M'gann] I have
to go with him.
[M'aatt] All three of us
will go.
[Superboy] Of course.
We'll try to find out
what happened here.
[Beast Boy] Rita...
Ah, I mean, Em'ree.
You need to reestablish comm
with the Watchtower.
[Em'ree] In a minute.
First, I need to perform
some damage control
with the Queen,
given all the psychic rumors
this explosion will cause.
We're still investigating
the cause of the explosion.
[Martian 1] ...understand
there was an explosion
at the Science Center...
[Martian 2]
...Ma'alefa'ak was arrested...
[Martian 3]
It was A'ashenn terrorism,
of course,
what else could it be?
J'onn J'onzz
is reported dead...
[R'ess] I told you
no ma'al good
would come of that Zeta-Tube.
[J'arlia] You mean
the Zeta-Tube
you wanted stopped?
[R'ess scoffs]
What do you imply?
[J'emm] Mother, is it true?
Rumors are flying.
Is J'onn J'onzz really dead?
[J'arlia] We do not know.
But sabotage is certain.
And the infamous Ma'alefa'ak
has been arrested.
[J'emm] There's evidence
against him?
[J'arlia] I'm sure
there will be.
He's an A'ashenn activist
and agitator.
[R'ess] He is a terrorist!
[J'emm] And you know this
based on what?
[R'ess] Just trust me, my boy.
You'll understand
when you are older.
[J'emm] Excuse me.
[J'arlia] I hope the Earthlings
are not reacting negatively
to this turn of events.
[R'ess] Why worry
about ma'al Earthers
at a time like this?
[Beast Boy] Nothing odd here.
Or here.
But we got this, right?
I mean
you've studied with Dick,
I've studied with Tim.
We can totally
do the detective thing!
[Superboy] I know, Gar!
I'm working on it.
[Beast Boy] You totally see
something, don't you?
[Superboy] Burn marks.
Two small points of impact
on the Power-Core's
thermal panel.
[Em'ree] There. Bypassed.
[Beast Boy] What?
What did you bypass?
[Em'ree] The fried
comm-circuits.
I should be able
to patch a signal
through the M'arzz-Earth
Communications Satellite
to the Watchtower.
[Beast Boy] When? Now?
[Em'ree] Soon.
[Superman] Ah. It's no good.
The Zeta-Tube
and all communications
to Mars are out.
Problem's on their end,
not ours.
[J'onn J'onzz] Then
it is clear...
Something has gone wrong.
Just after you zeta'd here,
thankfully.
[J'onn J'onzz] Cyborg,
boomtube us there.
Can't, sorry.
I've never been to Mars,
so without a comm signal
to pinpoint a safe location,
I could end up boomtubing us
into the middle of a mountain.
[Superman] There might be
another option.
Steel.
We need the Javelin back
at the Watchtower, ASAP.
[Steel] Understood.
Setting return course.
[static]
[Em'ree] M'arzz to Watchtower.
Do you read?
Is J'onn J'onzz with you?
I am here, Em'ree.
I am fine.
What happened on your end?
Oh, Uncle J'onn!
You're all right!
The Zeta-Tube was sabotaged.
It exploded.
But no one was hurt.
[Beast Boy] Dude,
you had us worried!
We weren't sure you made it out
before the blast.
Locking in on their signal...
[Beast Boy]
Hey, bring 'em back!
-[Em'ree] I-I can't!
-[Superboy] What happened?
[Em'ree] I don't know.
The M'arzz-Earth
Communications Satellite...
it isn't down...
it's gone.
[Cyborg grunts]
I didn't have time to secure
a lock on their signal.
We're right back
where we started.
Steel, what's your ETA?
[Steel] We're on the other side
of the Milky Way.
Even at post-lightspeeds
it'll still take us
a couple of days.
[J'onn J'onzz groans]
Then for now, M'gann,
Conner, and Garfield
are on their own.
[Superboy] Someone's definitely
trying to cut Mars off
from Earth
and the Justice League.
[J'emm] And who would do that?
[Beast Boy]
And this guy is...
[Superboy] No idea.
[Em'ree] Prince J'emm.
[Phantom Girl telepathically]
Those explosions...
they couldn't have been
his play, could they?
[Chameleon Boy telepathically]
No, but he's up to something.
He wanted to make sure
the League couldn't intervene.
[Phantom girl]
So what now, Imra?
[Saturn Girl telepathically]
Nothing's changed.
We watch. We wait.
We stay ready.
[M'aatt] What
were you thinking, M'comm?
Your choices, your actions...
Son, this is not the way
to bring change.
[M'comm] It's not your way.
Because you like being
a grease-mat to the G'arrunns.
[J'ann] I am G'arrunn!
Is that how you feel about me?
[sighs]
[M'gann] I need a moment
alone with my brother.
[M'comm] Oh,
am I your brother again?
I thought
the little green beastie
was your brother now.
[M'gann] You were
pretty tough on them.
[M'comm] No tougher
than they deserve,
from me or you.
[M'gann] That's not fair.
They love us.
You know they do.
[M'comm] Not enough.
When only two
of twenty-nine children
are A'ashenn,
love is not enough.
Our parents failed
to teach tolerance
and acceptance
even in their own home.
[M'gann]
Maybe they failed,
but at least they tried.
[M'comm] Which is worth what?
How many of our
G'arrunn siblings
plan to attend your wedding?
Face it,
our parents' ways don't work.
And your ways don't work
either, Miss Martian.
If they did, I wouldn't
be sitting here innocent.
[M'gann]
Innocent of this.
But you're no innocent.
You killed two innocents
on New Genesis
and tried to start a war!
I-I feel like
I don't even know you anymore.
[M'comm] Of course,
you don't know me!
You abandoned me!
Ran away to Earth!
[M'gann] I...
I-I had to go... I was...
dying here.
[M'comm] Don't you think
I know that?
But why didn't you take me
with you?
I was a child,
and you were my rock.
You should've protected me!
Instead,
you traded me in
for a cute little
green Beast Boy.
[M'gann]
I was a child too...
[Superboy] It's an honor
to meet you, Your Majesty.
[J'emm] Please, I don't need
any "Your Majesties,"
especially
from a famous Earthling.
[Beast Boy]
He's half-Kryptonian.
[J'emm] My apologies.
The point is, I need an answer
to who might want
to cut M'arzz off
from Earth
and your League of Justice.
[Superboy] Well, the League
was setting up the Zeta-Tube
so that our sister planets
could help
with each other's problems.
With respect,
M'arzz does seem to have...
well, a few.
[Beast Boy] Yeah,
no offense and all, but...
woof!
[J'emm] Most of M'arzz's
current problems
stem from the murder
of my father,
which remains unsolved.
In fact,
the king was a big proponent
of both your Zeta-Tube
and interplanetary cooperation.
Could these mysteries
be related?
-[Beast Boy] Absolutely...
-[Superboy] Uh, maybe.
We need to keep an open mind,
but it's certainly possible.
[J'emm] We were planning
to reopen the investigation
with help from the famous
Martian Manhunter.
[Superboy] Well,
I'm no J'onn J'onzz,
but Miss Martian, Beast Boy,
and I have trained
with him extensively.
[Beast Boy] And not just him.
Batman, Nightwing, Batgirl,
Robin, Elongated Man.
Plus we have our own skills!
I make a pretty sweet
Detective Chimp!
[J'emm] I'm sorry.
A sweet chimp?
[Beast Boy] Yep! Even Superboy
thought I was cool.
And he hates monkeys.
[Superboy] Uh, it might help
if we had more intel
on your father's case.
[J'emm] Mm, of course.
[both grimacing]
[groans]
[Beast Boy] What was that?
What did you do?
[J'emm] I'm sorry!
I simply granted your request:
downloaded all the intel
on my father's case
into your minds.
[Beast Boy] Yeah, well,
ask permission next time!
[Superboy]
Gar, what are you doing?
Stand down!
[Beast Boy grunts]
Fine. Whatever. [growls]
[Superboy] Sorry.
Thank you for your trust.
[J'emm] In exchange,
I expect to be kept informed.
-[Beast Boy groans]
-Of course.
[M'gann] You're trying
to distract me.
I know you didn't personally
blow up the Zeta-Tube.
Nevertheless,
you were lurking, hiding.
Now, both the Zeta-Tube
and the M'arzz-Earth
Communications Satellite
have been destroyed.
You didn't know
about the satellite.
[M'comm] You don't know
what I know.
[M'gann] Not all of it.
Not yet.
I'll admit you're stronger
than you were on New Genesis.
I can feel it.
You've been working
on your skills.
But that doesn't mean
you're stronger than I am.
So what are you up to,
little brother?
There's a piece of your mind
you still keep closed.
I'm asking you
to voluntarily
open it up to me.
-[M'comm] Or what?
-What do you think?
[M'gann] Spill, M'comm!
Or I'll take what I need
the hard way.
[M'comm chuckles]
You've been watching
too many of Uncle J'onn's
Earth cop shows.
Your mind's too open for me
to fall for this act.
The hard way? [chuckles]
You don't do
"the hard way," anymore.
[frustrated grunt]
[M'comm] Let me
put this in terms
a television fan
can understand.
The satellite blew up
after I was already in custody.
I'm obviously not the "perp."
You got nothing on me.
Not on this world.
So tell the M'hontrrs
to charge me or let...
me... go.
[chirping]
[M'gann] This is it.
The Sacred Boat.
The Sacred River.
I-I know it sounds silly,
but I've dreamed
of my Ma'ayava'ana ceremony
and wedding since I was little.
[Superboy] It doesn't
sound silly at all.
[Beast Boy deflating]
[M'gann] So, Gar,
what do you think?
[Beast Boy] Huh? Oh, uh,
yeah, yeah. Crash.
[deflating]
[Superboy] He's been acting
like a jerk all day.
I get that he was worried
about J'onn,
but even after he knew
Manhunter was safe...
[M'gann] I know.
I think he's stressed
about being away
from the Outsiders
for this long.
They've become
a second family to him.
[surprised gasp] Hey!
[clicking]
-[Beast Boy] Here, hold this.
-[Superboy] Sure.
[Superboy]
Happy to be of service.
[clicking]
[Beast Boy]
What are they called?
[M'gann laughs]
Ma'arphin beasts.
[Beast Boy] I like 'em!
[clicking]
[M'gann] See, he just
needed a little distraction.
[Superboy] Yeah,
we have plenty of distractions.
Check out the intel
I got from the Prince.
[M'gann] Wow!
That was a lot
for one download.
[Superboy] Yeah.
Prince J'emm was very...
cooperative.
[M'gann] So on top of
the explosions and M'comm,
we also need to figure out
who killed the King?
[J'ann] Not now, you don't.
We still have
a wedding to plan!
M'gann M'orzz, Conner Kent,
this is Sorcerer-Priestess
S'yraa S'mitt.
She'll be performing today's
Ma'ayava'ana ceremony
as well as the wedding.
[S'yraa] It is wonderful
to meet you both.
-[Superboy] Hi.
-[M'gann] A pleasure.
[M'gann] You're, um...
[laughs] much younger
than I expected.
[S'yraa] Yes, I only recently
took the Y'ellonn.
[M'gann]
And you're willing to risk
performing
a mixed-species ceremony?
[J'ann] She asks
because the late K'rii St'ferr,
the Priest
who performed our ceremony
was so old,
he did not fear the...
inevitable repercussions.
[M'gann]
I didn't know that.
[S'yraa] I believe
you must be the change
you wish to see in the world.
Otherwise,
nothing ever changes at all.
[M'gann]
We're very grateful.
[Superboy]
And couldn't agree more.
[J'ann] Now. Scheduling.
We want the wedding
to take place
as soon as possible!
[M'aatt] Not tomorrow.
Conner, Garfield,
B'arzz O'oomm,
and I still need time
to build the altar.
Right, son?
[Superboy] Uh, right, yeah!
[J'ann] And M'gann, Em'ree,
and I must construct
the canopy!
[M'gann sarcastically] Oh, joy.
[S'yraa] I would be happy
to help.
[M'gann] We'd love that,
thank you.
So... the next day, maybe?
[S'yraa] Unfortunately,
I must attend the Prince's
birthday celebration that day
to help inaugurate
the new Royal Arena.
Oh, the day after, perhaps?
[M'gann] Perfect.
[clicking]
[S'yraa] And now,
the reason we are here today
with this wonderful couple.
I can sense the love you share
vibrating deep within
the psychic plane.
You must care for each other
very much.
-[Superboy] We do.
-[M'gann] So, so much.
[S'yraa] C'eridy'all,
Goddess of Life.
These happy soulmates,
M'gann M'orzz and Conner Kent,
have found one another
and held one another,
in mind, spirit, and body.
With all thy power,
please grant them Ma'ayava'ana.
The gift of love!
[clicking]
[R'ess] Frankly, Your Majesty,
it is outrageous.
The Prince had no authority
to bring Earthers in
to investigate
the fate of the King.
[J'emm] You cannot
possibly object
to solving my father's murder?
[R'ess] Of course I want
the mystery solved, my Queen,
as we need to prove
beyond a doubt
that an A'ashenn
killed S'turnn J'axx.
What I object to
is involving Earthers,
including one
who is marrying an A'ashenn
already contaminated
with Earther ideals.
[J'emm] Now listen to me...
[R'ess] This is just another
of the Prince's misguided
modern notions,
like his ill-conceived
attempt at matrimony.
My Queen, I must humbly request
that you set the boy straight.
[J'emm] "The boy"
is standing right here.
[J'arlia] A murder on M'arzz
is a rare occurrence,
as getting away
with such a crime
was considered
virtually impossible.
So it is hardly surprising
our M'hontrrs lack experience
in this sort of thing.
Earthlings,
judging by their television,
seem to have
a far greater expertise.
I see no harm
in offering them a chance
to bring my family
and our people, peace.
[J'emm scoffs]
Well, that set me straight.
[frustrated growl]
[M'gann giggling]
Three more days!
[Superboy]
Just three more days.
[M'gann giggling playfully]
Hey, almost husband.
-Care to dance?
-[Superboy laughs]
[Superboy] You know I don't
usually like being levitated...
but I'm happy
to make an exception.
[M'gann] Ten years.
Think of all that's happened
to get us here.
How young we were when we met.
How dorky I was.
[Superboy] You were beautiful,
inside and out.
And you've grown more
and more beautiful every day.
[M'gann]
You were so cute back then.
[Superboy] I always
look the same!
[M'gann]
I can see the change.
[Beast Boy] Geez,
get a honeymoon suite.
[M'gann] This way, guys.
[Superboy] Okay,
what are you up to?
[M'gann] Thought we might
check in on Bio-Ship.
-[Superboy] Why?
-You'll see.
[Superboy] Oh, good.
Another mystery.
[M'gann] I suppose the trip
has been slightly more
eventful than we planned.
[deflating]
[Beast Boy] Uh,
aren't all our trips?
[M'gann] But this
is a good surprise, I promise.
[chirping]
[Chameleon Boy]
We're getting awfully close.
[Saturn Girl] I've put up
a psychic screen.
They can't see us.
[Phantom Girl]
Oh, that's not good.
[rumbling]
[Superboy] Look out!
[Saturn Girl gasps]
I've got you!
[worried gasps]
-[M'gann] What the...
-[Superboy] Incoming!
[Superboy grunting]
[M'gann] Guys,
I-I sensed... something.
I need to investigate.
Will you be okay?
[Beast Boy]
You can't leave now!
The squad's under attack!
[Superboy grunts]
No, it's all right.
We're good. Go.
[Beast Boy] I'm clear!
[M'gann] There was
a psychic-signature, but, ah,
it's gone now.
Disappeared
as quickly as it appeared.
[Beast Boy] A signature?
Of whoever attacked us?
We all agree
that was an attack, right?
[Superboy] Nothing on infrared.
[M'gann gasps]
Conner, you're bleeding!
[Superboy] It's not a big deal.
[M'gann]
How is this even possible?
[Superboy] We're farther
from the sun, and underground.
There's not much solar energy
for me to absorb down here,
and less oxygen
than I'm used to,
so my cells
aren't fully charged.
But it's just a little cut.
I promise I'm fine.
[Beast Boy]
No, you are not fine!
You could have died!
That's more
than a little disturbing!
[M'gann] Also disturbing,
I think someone
tried to kill us.
[chirping]
[breathing hard]
[Saturn Girl] Tinya,
are you all right?
[Phantom Girl panting]
Yeah, sure.
It's just,
phasing another person
really takes a lot out of me.
[rumbling]
[Chameleon Boy]
Perimeter's clear.
No sign of the enemy.
I can't believe
he thought that would work.
[Saturn Girl] He wasn't
trying to kill anyone.
He was trying to out us.
And he succeeded.
Miss Martian got
a momentary read on me.
I've put the screens back up,
but we'll need to keep
our distance from now on.
If we get too close,
she'll recognize my mind-touch.
[Phantom Girl]
But he'll be back.
How can we do our job
if we can't stick close?
[sighs]
[Saturn Girl]
I honestly don't know,
but come on, we need to go.
[chirping]
[flash]
[M'comm] Is that it?
Will it perform as specified?
Oh, it is. And it will.
Lord Darkseid
always keeps his word,
and this is
the Ma'alefa'ak's reward
for services rendered
on New Genesis.
[cackles]
[inhales] A'ashenns.
G'arrunns. B'lahdenns.
Nothing but a single
genetic marker,
affecting skin color only
separates the Martian races.
You are all one species.
[M'comm] Does that trouble you?
[DeSaad] No, no. [evil laugh]
I find
your petty racism very
entertaining.
When it explodes,
this gene-bomb
will disperse a virus
that will kill off all
B'lahdenns and G'arrunns.
Of course,
whether it will affect A'ashenn
of mixed parentage
is anybody's guess.
I had no such test subjects,
unfortunately.
[M'comm] I truly don't care.
All that matters
is that in two days' time,
every ma'al G'arrunn
and B'lahdenn on M'arzz
will be dead.
[Perdita] Lahb-dee-ehn,
Garfield.
I know you're on Mars now,
and I don't know
if you'll get this message
before you return.
But I thought, well...
I miss you.
I guess I've been missing you
for a while.
Since before you left.
I know you were busy
running the Outsiders.
And I know how important
that is to you.
Or, or, no, I mean,
how important it is, period.
And, I know
I've been busy, as well.
The refugee crisis,
all these people
fleeing Markovia,
flooding into Vlatava.
And it's so hard to tell
whether their concerns
are justified.
I don't know.
And King Brion
has refused any parlay.
[sighs]
I wish my father were alive
to handle this.
I wish he were alive
to give me a hug.
I wish you were here
Ehs Mee-loo Teh-vee.
Ehs Meeioo Teh-vee, Garfield.